OpenROAD readme update (#3281)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: README.md

software engineers, industry collaborators, VLSI enthusiasts,
students and researchers.

OpenROAD strongly advocates and enables IC design-based education
and workforce development initiatives through training content and
courses across several global universities, the Google-SkyWater
[shuttles](https://platform.efabless.com/projects/public), design
contests and IC design workshops. The OpenROAD flow has been
successfully used to-date, in over 600, silicon-ready tapeouts for
technologies up to 12nm.

## OpenROAD Flow Stages
OpenROAD includes a native flow - [OpenROAD-flow-scripts](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow-scripts).
However, it also enables the creation of any custom flow controllers
based on the underlying tools, database and analysis engines.

OpenROAD-flow-scripts(ORFS) is a fully autonomous, RTL-GDSII flow
for rapid architecture and design space exploration, early prediction
of QoR and detailed physical design implementation. However, ORFS
also enables manual intervention for finer user control of individual
flow stages through tcl commands and python APIs.

Figure below shows the main stages of the OpenROAD-flow-scripts:

> ![ORFS_Flow.webp](./docs/images/ORFS_Flow.webp)

Reviewer: I am usually not a fan of diagrams in an image format. I prefer SVG because

1. They are usually smaller file size
2. Images cannot be edited easily, whereas SVG can (SVG is both the source and the output).
3. They do not have compression and risk unreadable text.

If you can upload an SVG, it will make maintaining this diagram easier in the future.
Otherwise:
* OpenRoad --> OpenROAD
* flow script --> Flow Scripts
* Tool: Yosys is in a different color than the rest
* Input file --> Input files
* Output file --> Output files
* We typically use Floorplan as one word
* all necessary file --> all necessary files
* There's a lot of unnecessary capitalization used - please proofread
* KLayout isn't mentioned but Yosys is? There is mixed use of tool mention or not mentioned. Please make uniform.

Author: This flow chart created using Xmind and converted to PNG. Let me check for svg options.

Author: Updated the changes. I have backup of  `.xmind` of this flow chart. We can modify/update in future if needed. @rovinski

Reviewer: Were you unable to generate an SVG?

Reviewer: Your copy of the `.xmind` could easily be lost because it isn't checked in the repo...

Author: Xmind pro version has svg conversion. Free version doesn't. I will check with vitor on how keep backup of .Xmind file for future updates.

Reviewer: I like [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/) or [draw.io](https://draw.io) which are both completely free.

Author: @rovinski @vvbandeira 
Please check the updated `.svg` file and let me know, if need any further updates.

from Zero ASIC, [Hammer](https://docs.hammer-eda.org/en/latest/Examples/openroad-nangate45.html)
from Berkeley and [OpenFASoC](https://github.com/idea-fasoc/OpenFASOC) for
mixed-signal design flows.

OpenROAD fosters a vibrant ecosystem of users through active
collaboration and partnership through software development and key
alliances.  Our growing user community includes hardware designers,
software engineers, industry collaborators, VLSI enthusiasts,
students and researchers.

OpenROAD strongly advocates and enables IC design-based education
and workforce development initiatives through training content and
courses across several global universities, the Google-SkyWater
[shuttles](https://platform.efabless.com/projects/public), design
contests and IC design workshops. The OpenROAD flow has been
successfully used to date in over 600 silicon-ready tapeouts for
technologies up to 12nm.

## OpenROAD Flow Stages
OpenROAD provides [OpenROAD-flow-scripts](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow-scripts)
as a native, ready-to-use prototyping and tapeout flow. However,
it also enables the creation of any custom flow controllers based

> on the underlying tools, database and analysis engines.

Reviewer 2: Also, this section looks to be duplicated in the ORFS PR. Would a link here be better to avoid duplication of info?

Autonomous, No-Human-In-Loop (NHIL) flow, 24 hour turnaround from
RTL-GDSII for rapid design exploration and physical design implementation.

![rtl2gds.webp](./docs/images/rtl2gds.webp)

Documentation is also available [here](https://openroad.readthedocs.io/en/latest/main/README.html).

## OpenROAD Mission

[OpenROAD](https://theopenroadproject.org/) eliminates the barriers
of cost, schedule risk and uncertainty in hardware design to promote
open access to rapid, low-cost IC design software and expertise and
system innovation. The OpenROAD application enables flexible flow
control through an API with bindings in Tcl and Python.

OpenROAD is used in both open-source and commercial IC design
flows such as native [OpenROAD-flow-scripts](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow-scripts),
[OpenLane](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenLane) from
[Efabless](https://efabless.com/), [Silicon Compiler](https://github.com/siliconcompiler/siliconcompiler)
from Zero ASIC, [Hammer](https://docs.hammer-eda.org/en/latest/Examples/openroad-nangate45.html)
from Berkeley and [OpenFASoC](https://github.com/idea-fasoc/OpenFASOC) for

> mixed-signal design flows.

Reviewer 3: Turning these into bullet points would be more readable.

Author: updated

OpenROAD fosters a vibrant ecosystem of users through active
collaboration and partnership through software development and key
alliances. Our growing user community includes hardware designers,
software engineers, industry collaborators, VLSI enthusiasts,
students and researchers.

OpenROAD strongly advocates and enables IC design-based education
and workforce development initiatives through training content and

> courses across several global universities, the Google-SkyWater

Reviewer 3: Also includes GlobalFoundries.

the command line. Unless the `-exit` command line flag is specified, it
enters an interactive Tcl command interpreter.

A list of the available tools/modules included in the OpenROAD app

> and its description available [here](./docs/contrib/Logger.md#openroad-tool-list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and their descriptions are available [here](./docs/contrib/Logger.md#openroad-tool-list).
```
